About
----------
This document describes the expected keys and values in the various XML transaction result files generated by the Munki Enrollment Client.

Result Files
----------
### Pre-enrollment ###
* Path: _/tmp/edu.gsu.mec.result.preenrollment.plist_
* Keys:
   * **result**: boolean: Indicates whether the transaction completed without fatal errors.
   * **network_status**: dictionary: Contains details describing the network status of the client:
      * **network_available**: boolean: True if at least one Ethernet network is present **and** if at least one Munki Enrollment Server could be contacted via HTTPS.  False otherwise.
      * **ethernet_interfaces**: array of dictionaries: Each dictionary describes an active Ethernet connection:
         * **identifier**: string: The BSD identifier of the network interface (for example, _en0_).
         * **media**: string: The media subtype.  Used to look for gigabit.
         * **ip_addresses**: array of strings: Each IP address assigned to the interface.
      * **gigabit_available**: boolean: True if at least one Ethernet is gigabit and on the “desired” network.  False otherwise.
      * **gigabit_ethernet_interfaces**: array of strings: The BSD identifiers of interfaces that are gigabit and on the “desired” network.
   * **client_serial_valid**: boolean: True if an 11- or 12-digit Apple Hardware Serial could be read.  False otherwise.
   * **computer_name_suffix**: string: A string of five alphanumeric characters taken from a section of the Apple Hardware Serial.  Used by the Munki Enrollment Client when suggesting a unique name for the technician.
   * **os_version**: dictionary: Contains details describing the version of OS X on the client:
      * **major**: integer: The major version number in the form: 10.**major**.minor.  Returns 0 if unknown.
      * **minor**: integer: The minor version number in the form: 10.major.**minor**.  Returns 0 if unknown.
      * **str**: string: A string representation in the form: 10.major.minor.
      * **min_major**: integer: The minimum major version of OS X supported by the MEC.
      * **min_minor**: integer: The minimum minor version of OS X supported by the MEC.
   
### Transaction-A ###
* Path: _/Library/Preferences/edu.gsu.mec.result.transaction.a.plist_
* Keys:
   * **result**: boolean: Indicates whether the transaction completed without fatal errors.  For this transaction, completeness is defined as (a) having a list of manifests for technician selection, and (b) having the computer's manifest created (either existing already or by this transaction).
   * **transaction_completed_date**: date: When transaction A finishes, the UTC datetime is written to this key.  The presence and value of this key are used to determine what to do when the MEC runs again after a restart.
   * **enrollment_status**: dictionary: Contains keys describing the state of the relationship with the server:
      * **required**: boolean: False if the system could communicate with the MES.  True otherwise.
      * **completed**: boolean: True if the enrollment process happened and was successful.  False otherwise.
      * **result**: boolean: True in these cases: (a) _required_ is False or (b) _required_ is True **and** _completed_ is True.
   * **group_manifests_available**: boolean: True if _group_manifests_array_ contains at least one dictionary with keys for a group.
   * **group_manifests_array**: array of dictionaries: Each dictionary contains the data and attributes describing a Munki Computer Group (manifest).
   * **computer_manifest**: dictionary: Contains these keys describing the computer's manifest.  The manifest may be existing (re-enrollment) or it may have been created by this transaction.
      * **exists**: boolean: True if the computer's manifest file exists in the Munki repository.  False otherwise.
      * **has_name_and_group**: boolean: True iff the computer's manifest file has at least one included group manifest and its __metadata_ dictionary contains a previously-recorded name.
      * **name**: string, optional: The previously-recorded computer name, stored in __metadata:name_ in the computer's manifest file.
      * **group**: string, optional: The previously-included group manifest's file name.
      * **group_display_name**: string, optional: The previously-included group manifest's display name.
      
### Transaction-B ###
* Path: _/Library/Preferences/edu.gsu.mec.result.transaction.b.plist_
* Keys:
   * **result**: boolean: Indicates whether the transaction completed without fatal errors.  For this transaction, completeness is defined as all of the following being true: joined_group, recorded_name, and set_local_names.
   * **transaction_completed_date**: date: When transaction B finishes, the UTC datetime is written to this key.  The presence and value of this key are used to determine what to do when the MEC runs again after a restart.
   * **joined_group**: boolean: True iff the join group transaction completed successfully with the MES.
   * **recorded_name**: boolean: True iff the naming transaction completed successfully with the MES.
   * **set_local_names**: boolean: True iff the computer's names were set.  This is a local action depending on _scutil_.